Amarnath just finished overviewing
querying and integrational big data.
Although, fundamental understanding
of these concepts are important.
Some of these tasks can be accomplished
using graphical user interface
based tools or software products.
In this short module,
we introduce you to two of those tools.
Splunk and Datameer.
We have selected a few videos from
the site of our sponsors Splunk,
to give you an overview of using such
tools for different applications.
You will also have a short
hands-on activity on Splunk.
In addition,
we provide you a comprehensive video on
using Datamere in
the digital music industry.
Keep in mind, Splunk and
Datamere are just two of the many
tools in this category, but
they represent a huge industry.